Documentation/Architecture.md, before:

# Arkkitehtuurikuvaus

## Toiminnallisuus

Toiminnallisuus on kuvattu [vaatimusmäärittelyssä](https://github.com/sarlijes/Worklist/blob/master/Documentation/requirement-analysis.md)

## Rakenne

Ohjelman pakkausrakenne on seuraava:

- pakkaus ```entity``` sisältää tietokantatauluja kuvaavat luokat
- pakkaus ```dao``` sisältää tietokantayhteyksiin ja liittyvän logiikan ja apuluokat
- pakkaus ```ui``` sisältää käyttöliittymätoiminnallisuudet

## Tiedon pysyväistallennus

- tiedot tallennetaan H2-tietokantaan
- yksikkötesteissä käytössä ajonaikainen "in-memory"-H2-tietokanta

## Alustava kuvaus sovelluslogiikasta

Sovelluksen loogisen datamallin muodostavat luokat Job, Employee ja Material, jotka kuvaavat sovellukseen kirjattavia työtilauksia, sovelluksen käyttäjiä sekä työtilausten materiaaleja:

<img src="https://github.com/sarlijes/Worklist/blob/master/Documentation/pictures/class_diagram.PNG?raw=true">

UI-luokat huolehtivat käyttöliittymäkomponenttien sijoittelusta ja logiikasta. Ne kutsuvat tarvittaessa DAO (suunnittelumalli [Data Access Object](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Data_access_object))-luokkia, jotka huolehtivat tietojen pysyväistallennuksesta, tietokannasta lukemisesta ja muista tietokantaoperaatioista. DAO-luokat saavat tietokantayhteyden ```Connection```-olion parametrinään, joten samoja DAO-luokkia hyödynnetään myös automaattisissa yksikkötesteissä.

Esimerkki käyttäjän kirjautumisesta sekvenssikaaviona:

<img src="https://github.com/sarlijes/Worklist/blob/master/Documentation/pictures/employee_login_sequence.PNG?raw=true">

Commit message:

Update documentation. Small adjustments to translations.

Documentation/Architecture.md, after:

# Architecture documentation

## Functionality

The functionality of the app has is described in [requirement analysis](https://github.com/sarlijes/Worklist/blob/master/Documentation/requirement-analysis.md)

## Package structure

The package structure of the app is as follows:

- package ```entity``` contains the classes that represent database table entries
- package ```dao``` contains the database logics and a utility class
- package ```ui``` contains the user interface components and functionality

## Database

The app uses a H2 database, which is created locally on the user's computer when running the app for the first time. The unit tests use an "in-memory" version of the H2 database.

The logical data model is constructed by three main classes: Job, Employee and Material, which model the jobs that are added to the work list, the users of the app and the different materials of the jobs:

<img src="https://github.com/sarlijes/Worklist/blob/master/Documentation/pictures/class_diagram.PNG?raw=true">
\s\s
UI (user interface)-classes handle the the positioning and the logics of the UI components. They make requests to DAO ([Data Access Object](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Data_access_object))-classes, which are in charge of the CRUD (create, read, update, delete) operations. The DAO-classes are given the ```Connection``` object as a parameter, which allows thorough unit testing using an in-memory database.
\s\s
## Example: user login:
\s\s
<img src="https://github.com/sarlijes/Worklist/blob/master/Documentation/pictures/employee_login_sequence.PNG?raw=true">

1. User has ran the app and written their username and password on the form on ```LoginDialog```
2. User clicks ```loginButton```
3. ```loginButton```'s actionlistener makes a request to ```EmployeeDao``` to authenticate the employee
4. If authentication is successful (an user was found with the username and password), employeeDao returns an ```Employee``` object
5. The ```LoginDialog``` is closed and the main view is shown to the user
6. The ```Employee``` object is kept in the ```loggedInEmployee``` variable for future reference
