Documentation/requirement-analysis.md, before:

#Requirement analysis

##Purpose

The purpose of the app is to provide a simple tool for a machinery workshop to keep track of and manage their work list. The workshop employs 5 people, so it's important to keep everyone up to date.

##Roles

There is only one user group -  all users have equal user rights.

## Basic features

As an user...
 
* I can view the list of jobs
* I can add a new job to the list
* I can delete a job from the list
* I can edit the job
* I can mark the job as done and mark its actual work load hours

## Additional features

* User login
  * Add new user
  * Log in as user
  * Show error if logging in fails
  * Save user as "created by" on a job
  * Save user as "deleted by" on a job
  * Save user as "marked as finished by" on a job
  
* Allow undo on marking a job as done
* Allow undo on marking a job as deleted
* Hide old finished jobs after a certain period
* Separate lsit views for pending and completed jobs
* Move materials to database (instead of saving them as strings)
* Language selection
* Reports (for example all jobs done during one week)
* Kanban view with more job states ("to do", "in progress", "waiting to be shipped", "shipped")
* More states for payments of the jobs ("invoiced", "partially paid", "paid")


## Preliminary database plan for Job class

|Attribute |Data type   |
|---|---|
|id|int primary key|
|Created|timestamp|
|Finished|timestamp|
|Deleted|timestamp|
|Name   |string   |
|Quantity   |int   |
|Material   |string   |
|Due date   |timestamp   |
|Customer   |string   |
|Work load estimate   |double   |
|Actual work load   |double   |
|Details   |string   |

`
CREATE TABLE Job (id INT PRIMARY KEY AUTO_INCREMENT,
created TIMESTAMP,
finished TIMESTAMP,
deleted TIMESTAMP,
duedate TIMESTAMP,
name VARCHAR(1024),
quantity INTEGER,
material VARCHAR(1024),
workloadestimate FLOAT,
workloadactual FLOAT,
details VARCHAR(2048)
);
`
`
insert into job (name, created, duedate, quantity, material, workloadestimate, details) values 
('Injector plates', now(), '2021-04-04', 5.0, 'Stainless steel', 4.0, 'details');
insert into job (name, created, duedate, quantity, material, workloadestimate, details) values 
('Rods', now(), '2021-03-01', 45.0, 'AlNiCo', 2.0, 'M2');
insert into job (name, created, duedate, quantity, material, workloadestimate, details) values 
('Plates', now(), '2021-04-04', 100.0, '0.3 mm aluminium', 8.0, 'details');
insert into job (name, created, duedate, quantity, material, workloadestimate, details) values 
('Thermalization plates', now(), '2021-04-28', 2.0, 'CU-OF', 1.0, '');
`

Commit message:

Separate UI to its own class. Extend Job to include details and customer attributes. Extend job table view, add buttons to table for each job for marking them as done (logic to be implemented)

Documentation/requirement-analysis.md, after:

# Requirement analysis

## Purpose

The purpose of the app is to provide a simple tool for a machinery workshop to keep track of and manage their work list. The workshop employs 5 people, so it's important to keep everyone up to date.

## Roles

There is only one user group -  all users have equal user rights.

## Basic features

As an user...
 
* I can view the list of jobs
* I can add a new job to the list
* I can delete a job from the list
* I can edit the job
* I can mark the job as done and mark its actual work load hours

## Additional features

* User login
  * Add new user
  * Log in as user
  * Show error if logging in fails
  * Save user as "created by" on a job
  * Save user as "deleted by" on a job
  * Save user as "marked as finished by" on a job
* Allow using the software from multiple computers in the local network
* Allow undo on marking a job as done
* Allow undo on marking a job as deleted
* Hide old finished jobs after a certain period
* Separate lsit views for pending and completed jobs
* Move materials to database (instead of saving them as strings)
* Language selection
* Reports (for example all jobs done during one week)
* Kanban view with more job states ("to do", "in progress", "waiting to be shipped", "shipped")
* More states for payments of the jobs ("invoiced", "partially paid", "paid")


## Preliminary database plan for Job class

|Attribute |Data type   |
|---|---|
|id|int primary key|
|Created|timestamp|
|Finished|timestamp|
|Deleted|timestamp|
|Name   |string   |
|Quantity   |int   |
|Material   |string   |
|Due date   |timestamp   |
|Customer   |string   |
|Work load estimate   |double   |
|Actual work load   |double   |
|Details   |string   |
