Documentation/Workload.md, before:

# Project workload

|Date |Hours   |Description   |
|---|---|---|
|14.3.2021 | 1  |Project planning, documenting ideas   |
|15.3.2021   | 2  |Discuss ideas and needs with customer, define functionality, initialize project   |
|15.3.2021   | 2  |Preliminary requirement analysis, investigate Java - DB connection, refresh memory on how to use H2 console. Create table for Job class. Test database. |
|15.3.2021   | 2  |Configure JavaFX in project. Investigate using Swing instead. Attempt to set up FXML. |
|16.3.2021   | 2  |New attempt to configure JavaFX with IntelliJ. In Netbeans, can run current version. Database connection works, can show data from database in GUI.   |
|17.3.2021   | 2  |Create dao interface, implement JobDao's list method and Job class. Initial experimentation on listing jobs in a table  |
|21.3.2021   | 2  |Separate UI to its own class. Extend Job to include details and customer attributes. Extend job table view, add buttons to table for each job for marking them as done (logic to be implemented) |
|23.3.2021   | 3  |Initial UI implementation to add new jobs. Add first test.  |
|28.3.2021   | 4  |Implement creating new Jobs, update documentation  |
|29.3.2021   | 1  |Attend workshop (paja) to fix issue with re-rendering the view after adding new job  |
|29.3.2021   | 2  |Refactored UI Dialog to use inheritance. Add dialog to edit Jobs. Extend JobDao to include implementations on reading and updating jobs  |
|   |   |   |
|total   |?   |   |

Commit message:

Bug fixes + format timestamps in a better way

Documentation/Workload.md, after:

# Project workload

|Date |Hours   |Description   |
|---|---|---|
|14.3.2021 | 1  |Project planning, documenting ideas   |
|15.3.2021   | 2  |Discuss ideas and needs with customer, define functionality, initialize project   |
|15.3.2021   | 2  |Preliminary requirement analysis, investigate Java - DB connection, refresh memory on how to use H2 console. Create table for Job class. Test database. |
|15.3.2021   | 2  |Configure JavaFX in project. Investigate using Swing instead. Attempt to set up FXML. |
|16.3.2021   | 2  |New attempt to configure JavaFX with IntelliJ. In Netbeans, can run current version. Database connection works, can show data from database in GUI.   |
|17.3.2021   | 2  |Create dao interface, implement JobDao's list method and Job class. Initial experimentation on listing jobs in a table  |
|21.3.2021   | 2  |Separate UI to its own class. Extend Job to include details and customer attributes. Extend job table view, add buttons to table for each job for marking them as done (logic to be implemented) |
|23.3.2021   | 3  |Initial UI implementation to add new jobs. Add first test.  |
|28.3.2021   | 4  |Implement creating new Jobs, update documentation  |
|29.3.2021   | 1  |Attend workshop (paja) to fix issue with re-rendering the view after adding new job  |
|29.3.2021   | 2  |Refactored UI Dialog to use inheritance. Add dialog to edit Jobs. Extend JobDao to include implementations on reading and updating jobs  |
|29.3.2021   | 1  |Bug fixes + format timestamps in a better way, demonstrate app to customer |
|   |   |   |
|total   |?   |   |
